hey yo den underscore 99 back with
another video yeah that's what's up full
today I am getting that like fidget
spinner thing and I'm just gonna try it
out and we're gonna jump off my stairs
onto this crash pad thing and yeah
what's gonna get sick open hear you
let's jump off the status on three Joe
come and get you okay chitti's oh that's
rule let's be done that's what I thought
like it babe Wow hey yo its Oh y'all
there's a move nice those point fiction
well that's a long way da hah I'm sorry
but are you ready uh-huh oh those
sturdiest mighta butta butta okay i
guess i'm going to luke's house i'll see
you there hi guys so I'm at Luce's no
nah baby if you buy your work
[Music]
oh I did do it so guys were done with
that session of of like jumping on ill
um on the you know the beanbag thing so
you'll see you what a fidget spinner
comes yo boo men see what this is it's
probably the fidgets spinner I was
waiting for it all day okay guys so I
got it I saw it it's not it oh wait I
think it's it oh oh my gosh I've been
waiting for this all day honey extra
parts nope whoa I terawatt it oh if
you're waiting for this okay guys let's
see this so you can see has that man
that let's try it oh ah not edible so
guys it might have other uses not edible
obviously um we're tried that um what
can you try you could try spinning it oh
oh it works ah do not put enough it will
choke you and cause death and poison you
because as bleach on it oh okay whoa oh
wait a minute on your nose
no didn't work guys look we can do ready
spit it Oh spiti wall sick oh so guys I
would recommend this because it's
awesome and it fidgets it's so fun to do
just spin it and do stuff with it just
so well patience you know those shacka
lacka balance it oh oh oh oh oh oh what
did I say what did I say I said I would
bound it's it and I did it I said I
would do it yeah you could put it on
your knee Oh baby um I'm not a sir Sir
sir Sir oh he fell to sleep little way
my time is up no you could do it on your
mouth you know it's a little tasty oh oh
ah trying it oh no much spin
[Music]
now we observe the wild person trying to
spend it it's been just with it I am
Kowalski reacting to it oh so sorry
Kowalski sorry Kowalski now let's win
this thing on some things noise no hoist
hook cool again noise noise noise noise
oh noise no hurry noise applause
now it's cold toad Bob Bob Squarepants
is castle our even on my belly oh yeah
are you guys I hope you enjoyed that
little montage of that thing and I'll
see you when i'm going to sleep whoo
okay guys so i hope you enjoyed that
awesome you know fidget video with the
jumping on the crash bed good so guys go
please like subscribe share with your
friends comment things and peace